manual: language: Explain that `with` does not shadow (#10620)
NixOS/nix: doc/manual/src/language/constructs.md

both evaluate to `{ names = [ "a" "b" ]; }`.

> Inherited variables shadow existing variables from outer scopes.

Reviewer: As mentioned by @Ericson2314  (https://github.com/NixOS/nix/pull/10620#issuecomment-2085427271), `inherit`ed attributes works like a syntactic sugar for `name = name`.  I think it is misleading to add words here. (Because `inherit` makes nothing different from normal attributes).

Author: Done, removed.

let a = 1; in let a = 2; in let a = 3; in let a = 4; in ...
```

Variables coming from outer `with` expressions *are* shadowed:

```nix
with { a = "outer"; };
with { a = "inner"; };
a
```

Does evaluate to `"inner"`.

## Comments

Comments can be single-line, started with a `#` character, or
inline/multi-line, enclosed within `/* ... */`.

> `#` comments last until the end of the line.

Reviewer: these additional statements are good, however are they somehow offtopic to the explanation of `with` ?

Reviewer 2: It's fine with me. @nh2 got on a roll :)

`/*` comments run until the next occurrence of `*/`; this cannot be escaped.

## Scoping rules

Nix has constructs with

* dynamic scope

>   * [`with`](#with-expressions)

Reviewer 2: (I added a commit fixing this.)

> Nix has constructs with
> 
> * dynamic scope
>   * [`with`](#with-expressions)
> * static scope
>   * [`let`](#let-expressions)
>   * [`inherit`](#inheriting-attributes)
>   * function arguments
> 
> Static scope takes precedence over dynamic scope.
> See [`with`](#with-expressions) for a detailed example.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Nix is [statically scoped](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scope_(computer_science)#Lexical_scope), but with multiple scopes and correspondingly subtle shadowing rules.

* primary scope --- explicitly-bound variables
  * [`let`](#let-expressions)
  * [`inherit`](#inheriting-attributes)
  * function arguments

* secondary scope --- implicitly-bound variables
  * [`with`](#with-expressions)
  
Primary scope takes precedence over secondary scope.
See [`with`](#with-expressions) for a detailed example.
```
